Fixing naming issues (#38)
giantswarm/security-pack: README.md

1. [Using our web interface](https://docs.giantswarm.io/ui-api/web/app-platform/#installing-an-app)
2. [Using our API](https://docs.giantswarm.io/api/#operation/createClusterAppV5)

### **Important**

If you are not using `kubectl gs` plugin, plese remember to ensure the correct label: `app-operator.giantswarm.io/version: 0.0.0` is set on the App CR. Missing this configuration will result with stuck deployment of an app.

> When naming the App CR, please make sure the name is original within the Management Cluster, using the sole `security-pack`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When naming the App CR, please make sure the name is unique within the Management Cluster, using just `security-pack`
```
